Make file deprecation (#663)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/ProgrammingGuide/Compiling.md

We refer readers to Trilinos' documentation for further details.

(GNU_makefile_system)=
## Using Kokkos' GNU Makefile system (deprecated)

> <b>Make file report will be remioved with the next major release</b>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<b>Makefile support will be removed with the next major release</b>
```
